this is my user bossy and this is my
class schedule EG university go online
or call now to begin down your path of
helpless addiction to vlogging collabing
and commenting youtube university's
experienced professors make sure your
time wasted is time well spent
professor McAfee in here my job here at
the university is to teach you kids
which videos are worth responding to and
which videos are not worth you are let's
be honest worthless time I mean if
you're on this site messing around in
the proverbial river of dung that is
YouTube you're in pretty sad shape so
yeah why am i qualified I make the best
videos on this side
second place next to me is what the buck
in a very very very distant second so I
look forward to seeing you relations
here on YouTube preserve comment
sections of ages past we've been able to
learn a great deal about these two very
important groups
dftba students hi my name is professor
Google bottom and I teach video
responses 101 I will craft a video
response can bring you more subscribers
more viewers and help you find a place
in the YouTube community just as long as
those video responses are relevant to
the video there is nothing worse than an
unrelated video response learn some of
the hottest YouTube trends from those
already exploiting them like thumbnail
cheating comment spamming
the I sub Network accounting gaming the
ratings bug and many others getting to
know your subscribers thank you - oh no
view views with just one easy click at
my university can your university call
today or go online at youtube.com and as
always remember to rate comment and
favorite